My project is a task scheduler. You can schedule a named task and include the details of it’s name, desc, if it time restricted, the urgency, and if it is repeated. This makes up the ultimate super class Task. If your task is time restricted or not there is a different message that will show up if the toString is printed. Next is the Date Ranged class which extends Task to add a start date and end date. I had originally planned to have the dates as date formats but this proved to be a little difficult adding it to tables. In the end the dates are formatted as strings. For the Date Ranged table you can search for all the date ranged tasks, search by name, search by start date and search by end date. Next is the one day tasks which extend from tasks. One day adds the task date and if the task is the full day or not. The toString printed will show two different messages for a task if it is a full day task or not. The task date was formatted as a string and not a date. One day tasks can be searched for all, searched by name, and searched by date. Next is the in person tasks which adds a location for tasks that occur in a specific place. These tasks can be searched by their name and searched for all in person tasks. Each class makes use of public getters and setters. There is also a regular constructor for every class. Tasks are composed of one day tasks and date ranged tasks. Polymorphism is used with the dates. For one day tasks it is one date and for date ranged tasks it is two dates. CRUD tasks are also able to be performed on all four tables.
